Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello, how are you
Michelle: I'm doing alright, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This shouldn't take us very long it generally takes about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 1520 minutes or so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just got to ask you a series of questions. Are you okay with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The first question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What we're doing is your bio psycho social
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the first question is,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What brought you to treatment and why now.
Michelle: Well, I've been in this for a while now, little bit long little bit I'm
Michelle: Definitely just have had some changes in my life. Sorry.
Okay.
Michelle: Hasn't changes in my life where I need to make some changes and
Michelle: I, I have a child that I'm and I need to be there for her and be the proper right parents, she deserves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good reason
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, the next part is wanting to know if you would tell me about your history using history.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When did it start, what was the first substance that you were exposed to what age and how did it progress.
Michelle: I was I was introduced to her when I was in a relationship with a guy who had been clean and sober at the time that I met him, and we just
Michelle: Kind of, we were about two years into our relationship. And we just had some things in our life that kind of
Michelle: Were stressful and I'm behind it person for a while there. I had been on Xanax and
Michelle: I mean, okay, well, if you want to get technical. I guess I started with Xanax, I was in the process of divorcing my husband, my first husband.
Michelle: When I had gone to the doctor and asked for something for anxiety and I been suffering, pretty much my entire life. But this situation. My there was other other things involved as well. And my son had been in a
Michelle: He domestic violence of use case where he got severely hurt by boyfriend. I was seeing.
Michelle: Here after I divorced my, my first husband and I went to my doctor and astrophysics, because I was going through some extremely stressful time custody battle divorce battle, you know,
Michelle: Everything. My son, getting hurt and
Michelle: It's. It started with that. I guess you could say. Because after I moved to Oregon.
Michelle: And my doctor would no longer from Arizona would no longer prescribe it in Oregon. For me, and I couldn't find a doctor in Oregon to help
Michelle: With a prescription of something for anxiety that worked as well as annex did at least and
Michelle: And I had just, I mean I had the lowest dosage and and it worked for me because like I have like in the moments where I just get super panicky, and I need just something in the moment, because I just get so up in my head I get super worked up and just
Michelle: It's hard to breathe and
Michelle: But yeah
Michelle: They had to be on presence as well.
Michelle: And then I couldn't find a doctor in Oregon to prescribe ME ON WHAT I WAS PREVIOUSLY before you know because after my meds ran out like
Michelle: You know, because my doctor in Arizona prescribed me three months worth of meds before so I could find a doctor in time.
Michelle: Mm Hmm, no doctor. First of all, wouldn't accept my insurance. I guess it was Arizona insurance only accepted in Arizona, California, Nevada there but
Michelle: I went through a really hard time I was going through some stuff with my family as well. And he was already doing it behind my back and I had known about his previous views, but
Michelle: I you know I took it with a grain of salt. We all have our problems, you know, it's not, you know, CAN'T HOLD YOUR YOUR FAULT against you and criticize you for it because that's not how you heal and move on and be better. So
Michelle: Two years, three years in our relationship. I was going through some more problems with my son and and all that. And we were in the process of moving and I was just extremely like just stressed out and
Michelle: There was a really rough time just a lot of stuff went down and
Michelle: I couldn't get, you know, find a doctor to help me. You know, you know. So he was like, you know, try this and you know you just do it small, small portions. You know, you don't riddle. And it's kind of just like Xanax as well.
But
Michelle: I tried it and I did like it and it started out in small portions, obviously, because I had never done it before, and to, you know, he wanted me to be safe and not woody or anything, and
Michelle: It grew to bigger proportions, you know, as time went on, you know, your tolerance level goes up with it and and it just got out of control. I got out of control. And when I had learned the first time I got sick.
Michelle: I knew I never wanted to feel that again.
Michelle: When I was brutal that's
Michelle: When they tell you withdrawal is like, I mean it was. I thought it was gonna die like yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He was bad. And how long ago was that
Michelle: Um,
Michelle: I've got so much going on right now. And my memory. And my thought process is just I can't even
Michelle: I mean, probably about a year ago.
Michelle: About a year ago or two years ago now, two years ago.
Michelle: Yeah it. That's when it. That's when I got my first, like, really big segments and
Michelle: I
Michelle: And then
Michelle: pregnant with my daughter. And so that helped me be sober for, you know, a while and then obviously after I had my baby I relapsed and I just
Michelle: I felt extremely guilty and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's your baby.
Michelle: She's, she's two and a half, two. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little toddler. Yeah.
Michelle: Yeah, so I just say I don't want to relapse and I feel like if I get help with medication.
Michelle: I feel, you know, that is huge, you know,
Michelle: Plus for me because I, you know, and I and I like the fact that there's no luck so minute and it's like one of like if if even if I really wanted to, I couldn't because the knock on wood block.
Michelle: You know,
Michelle: I mean, I like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any history with alcohol abuse.
Michelle: Um, there was a point in time, I was like, I
Michelle: people drop out. When I tell like my full life story, but I was in a group home.
Michelle: From for for a while. And after I got out of the group home and I turned 18. And actually, before I even got out of the group home in in the group home. It was alcohol. So I did a lot of drinking from about 15 to 19
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: I mean,
Michelle: Yeah, in that time period. I did have a huge problem without all yeah I mean I drink in the group home and the times when I was in the group home in the foster home I drink on the weekends every weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Michelle: When I got out of the group home I drink a lot. I mean, it was like, you know, every night was a party night at someone's house.
Michelle: I grew up in Southern California.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and what about what age were you if you remember, was the first time that you experienced any substances.
Michelle: Like like taking substances or yeah many others.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weed or, you know, marijuana or
Michelle: I'm, to be quite honest with you, I've always like, from the time I was like five years old, six years old, but
Michelle: My, my father got custody of me because of my mother's drug drug abuse and I lived with my father for a while and then I ended up in the group home in the foster homes for a while, but pretty much my entire life. I've been around drugs and people who do drugs and
Michelle: I started smoking weed probably got nine around there and Mike like everybody I was raised around it. It was never like a hidden thing the adults or, you know, it was just, we're all running around parents are over there and a huddle grandparents. I mean, my grandparents used to grow weed.
Michelle: I used to help them harvest their plants.
Michelle: I GOT A Minor In Possession. My second day of school my sophomore year of marijuana marijuana has always been around, like, I mean, as long as I can remember. I smoke weed, but
Michelle: The very first thing
Oh, sorry.
Michelle: She's i guess i I sipped alcohol even
Michelle: Before smoking pot. I mean, my
Michelle: My life has been pretty pretty pretty wild. My, my father used to have a cake and it was an open cake and and i mean we used to sneak alcohol.
Michelle: On the weekends. When I mean, yeah, it was just a huge party my whole life really my parents just partied a lot. Drink, drink lot, and I'm sure they were doing.
Michelle: I know they were doing harder drugs behind the scenes that we didn't necessarily see or really know about. But as far as drinking and smoking pot that was out new
Michelle: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's one of the questions is the year of family dynamics, you know where your parents together your whole life. Do you have siblings.
Michelle: I do have siblings. Yeah.
Michelle: I have a younger half brother and a younger half sister and I have an older half brother from my father. The beaten the sister and a brother from my mother and my older brothers from my father.
Michelle: Up until five, six years old, I was with my mom, but she didn't have a little or girl. She didn't have a little girl until I was living with my father. So I never got to know my younger sibling my younger sister. I've met her a few times, but I don't
Michelle: Know her. I don't, we don't meet up for holidays or anything.
Michelle: When I was with my father. I was raised, pretty much an only child until he had his girlfriend's with their kids living in the situation.
Michelle: But
Michelle: My mother.
Michelle: My mother and father were never together they work together. I guess for a brief period of time when I was an infant.
Michelle: But
Michelle: My half brother, like I grew up with, up until I was five. But I, to be quite honest and frank with you. I really have no very like very good memories of my childhood.
Michelle: Sure and I their memories are sparse. Like I feel like even up until like
Michelle: 1314 my memories are just
Michelle: You know, they're just there.
Michelle: I don't know.
Michelle: I don't remember. I mean, I remember certain things, but not like you like feat stuff, you should remember, you know, in that
Michelle: Other people remember I've always noticed that like everybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Has a story to tell and you've got pieces of yours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, understandable and what age were you when you went into foster care.
Michelle: 1617
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: from your, from your dad.
Michelle: Yeah, yeah. Well, my mom actually my dad had kicked me out and I lived with my mom for a period of time. I'm the one who called CPS on my mother.
Michelle: Actually, and then nobody had wanted me nobody wanted to take me and my dad didn't want me back because he was with his girlfriend then, at the time, and they had their three kids. She, her three kids and
Michelle: I just, I've never gotten along with my mother. My mother has been an habitual like I mean she's been on math my entire life. As long as I can remember, and
Michelle: This the when I my little sister was like super, super young and I can't even really put an age on it.
Michelle: Wasn't really talking. So I want to say she was in between, like, one and two were around there. But yeah, he came home from
Michelle: Hanging out with my friends really early in the morning and I had found my my younger sister playing with her purse dumped update upside down, you know, in the kitchen. There will, my mom was obviously sleeping passed out drunk or on, you know, whatever. And, and I
Michelle: I left, I took off and she showed up in my there's some math in her purse that was on the floor and the little girl was just
Michelle: Yeah, I mean, it was literally like not even a foot away from her. And I felt like that was just wrong fucking
Michelle: Sorry. Um,
Michelle: So I left, I took off for a while and I took my little brother with me. Well, she left us unfair. She took it. She took us to the to the fair and she left us
Michelle: With like she left us at the fair with no money, no cell phone, no way to get home and took off with the little, the little girl. My little sister, and we had to figure out a way how to get back to back home.
Michelle: Because I believe their kids and affair and
Yeah.
Michelle: I blew my mind. And so I took off and and I came home to her house there she she usually left early in the morning. She had a morning paper route.
Michelle: Newspaper, Robert, whatever. And I came back early in the morning to get some some stuff and
Michelle: I mean she she she started pushing me. She came, she came back, like she was just like, she said she was waiting for me and like she was somewhere around spying watching me come back because she knew I would be back or something.
Michelle: But the fight that we got in, like she I mean she got that was the second time in our relationship that she got physical with me, where she put her hands on me and tried to me to try to keep me from leaving to and
Michelle: By the end of the night. Yeah, that was. Yeah. But anyways, um,
Michelle: I I left. She came because she wanted my little brother back and I was like he doesn't want to go home with you, like we were at my friend's house with her parents and
Michelle: You know her parents were allowing us to stay there and she's she suggested that I call CPS so I called CPS because I didn't want to be there with her and my dad like had kicked me out to her and
Michelle: I'm
Michelle: I just, I didn't want to go back to my dad, either because that was a toxic violent really relationship with his girlfriend and I
Michelle: Ever since they got together.
Michelle: She's just mean I was the odd man. Now I didn't fit with her and him in her in her three kids, you know, and
Michelle: But yeah
Michelle: She you want to get into that either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You had a rough childhood.
Michelle: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nobody wanted me so I was in the group home for a while. And one of the ladies that worked at the group home was a foster parent as well and she took me in as a foster child and I was doing really, really good there for a while with her.
Michelle: Until I met a guy who was about 10 years older than me.
Michelle: Yeah.
Michelle: Um, anyways, I ran away with him and he ended up being extremely violent physically verbally.
Michelle: Abusive physically and verbally and and
Michelle: I was on the run. I had a juvenile runaway warrant for me and
Michelle: I had rock I reconciled with my father. He and his girlfriend had broken up. She actually left them for a guy with a Mustang and
Michelle: Her kids were grown and narrow, narrow and by this time, you know, like she wanted something else. And then I mean
Michelle: The whole dynamics of the whole relationship and the whole story. And in a backstory and everything I could go on for days. But she she left him after her kids were grown. She used him and
Michelle: But I reconciled with him and you know we got to talk and and he helped me out. You can pick me up from the use of guy and I see this coming for a while until I
Michelle: Until my birthday, my 18th birthday, where I was no longer awarded state and no longer a juvenile run away.
Michelle: But
Michelle: As about 1717
Michelle: When I ran
Michelle: And it's like 1617 when I was in the foster home and and 1516 like in the group home.
Michelle: And then before that I was with one on one. And then for that in and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So where does school fit in all this into graduate, we
Michelle: Graduate I ended up dropping out because I just you know with with being in a group home when I was in a group home. I was in an all girls high school small like 1212 girls High School.
Michelle: And I was able to work up almost enough to graduate. Not quite enough. I'm actually right now studying for my diploma. I literally have like a credit of English four and three units of worldwide and some p and I'm done. And I'll have my diploma, but
Michelle: Yeah, no, I'm
Michelle: Good job yeah I when I moved when I was with my father. I was in school.
Michelle: until the very end there.
Michelle: The very like probably the last six, six months of my stay with my father before he kicked me out with my mom's I was in school, but I pretty much was ditching all day long.
Michelle: And and that's part of the reason why he he kicked me out because I just, I wasn't going to school. He didn't know what to do with me. And then what the summer and a half, because I
Michelle: I didn't go to school. I did summer school when I very first got here got got there to California and I did like because my entire freshman year I got involved with an older man when I was 1415
Michelle: In Oregon. He was 32 I was working 15 and
Michelle: My father's girlfriend had found out about it.
Michelle: Through her daughter and her daughter was a year and two days older than me and
Michelle: Her daughter was seeing the got the guy was seeing friend who was 22 but we were 14 1516 and she was 1516 I was 1450 but anyways. Her mother found out about it and she told my father, and she pressured my folder to press charges against the guy.
Michelle: But
Michelle: That was run anyways because of all this stuff and all the court and everything, because this was a small town in Oregon where it was front page news. So I got bullied a lot and I got her asked a lot
Michelle: In high school, from the family members, you know, because he was he was married. He had three kids, you know, in a small town everybody's mother and sister and all their kids and, you know,
Michelle: What town Brookings
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ever heard of it.
Michelle: Workings. Yeah. So yeah, it was front page news and I got harassed a lot bullied a lot. Well, that was going on. So I pretty much just stared out the window. When I did go to school and I didn't pay attention. I didn't do anything and
Michelle: My friend and I started ditching but you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any have you been to substance abuse treatment or mental health treatment in the best
Michelle: mental health treatment. Yes, I have. I've been in mental health treatment on and off since I was a child when my father FIRST GOT CUSTODY OF ME AND HE WAS IN A good headspace he put me immediately into counseling.
Michelle: And he was married at the time with his first wife and her two boys. And for a while there. We were all doing fancy family counseling and that turned out to be a huge toxic situation with her because
Michelle: Of
Michelle: The way that I was raised, while I was with him, you know, I mean, these certain pieces stand out in your head in your life you know and have the
Michelle: Major
Michelle: X and who make you who you are. Anyways, when I was very first brought with him when you very first customer was married to this woman and her parents owned a church and were devout Christians and
Michelle: You know we did everything through the church. You know, we went to Sunday church. We went to Wednesday church. We did the summer camp youth church thing.
Michelle: You know we did the vacation to the you know the island with all the church members, you know, and, and, you know, that kind of mentality and
Michelle: She ended up cheating on him with some weird guy and she ended up leaving him to go to Colorado.
Michelle: And to be with this guy or whatever. But her two boys her two boys that she had from her previous marriage.
Michelle: When the reason why I say this is when we ran the family counseling. I remember this hearing this, I remember hearing my parents and as an adult as an older person talking with my father more, you know, like
Michelle: Her first her first born her oldest he
Michelle: He ended up doing something
Michelle: To some girls that landed him in prison.
Michelle: And
Michelle: I have memories that are that are vague like
Michelle: My two and three incidences really where her son. Well, the okay I say three incidences not with this particular situation. But the one one incidents with this too, when I was younger and and older.
Michelle: Here.
Michelle: Anyways, the first incidents.
Michelle: In this so he
Michelle: Her firstborn did some stuff that what he did to some girls. And so, and
Michelle: I remember as a kid when we were on like the church island.
Michelle: They had think I mean they had campers that were just on like all over the place. Cars vehicles tractors all over the property. There's a party who go out on the canoe in the middle. So there's like places you could
Michelle: Do some stuff to like people and nobody would even notice. Nobody. We didn't know where you were, but
Michelle: I remember seeing him doing something and it didn't click until later on in life but
Michelle: When I was a kid I want when I saw it. I just was like, I didn't know what he was doing was wrong, but I'm
Michelle: her oldest son like to kill animals like
Michelle: Where we lived in Southern California.
Michelle: We would find like like rigs like needles all over the ground all over the place. And he would use these to
Michelle: kill the animals and he would stab them until they died or he would poke their eyes and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Michelle: But yeah and and so she moved in, she met a guy, and she moved to Colorado because my dad wanted to move to Oregon. He wanted to get away from down there and he wanted to move to Oregon.
Michelle: And get the boys into, like, you know, dirt bike riding you know something, you know you wanted, and she she didn't want to move
Michelle: And the reason why was because she was she'd she'd been cheating on them all. Anyways, like, yeah, we moved to Oregon and during the move to Oregon.
Michelle: He had left my father had left me with one of his buddies while he was moving stuff going and and dealing with the whole wife situation and her kids and all that stuff. He left me with a friend and he ended up from
Michelle: messing around with me doing some stuff to me and
Michelle: I just kind of pretended that I had like slept through it.
Michelle: And when I told my father about it and my grant you know
Michelle: Nobody believed me and then later on he had done it to somebody else and tour, she told her parents and her parents out of like had a whole court thing over it and everything and they wanted me to testify and my dad didn't
Michelle: Grandparents because I mean if you like his buddy wasn't just some random buddy like his parents were friends with his my grandparents like
Michelle: They all were like family, friends, it wasn't just somebody you know like
Michelle: Which is, I mean,
Michelle: In my opinion, I mean I think back on it now you think like his mom was living with him. Wouldn't she have thought it was weird that, you know, a little girl is sleeping on the floor in his own. You got a spare bedroom or a couch or yeah I look back on that now, and I'm like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see all the signs.
Michelle: Yeah, you know. Yeah.
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any, any past suicide attempts.
Michelle: Yeah, you know,
Michelle: When I was younger.
Michelle: When we were okay, I want to say I was about five years old.
Michelle: I don't know. I don't know if it's significant or not or, you know, I don't know, but my little brother and I, we were playing with shoelaces and and
Michelle: He hung himself, and I was about to hang myself. I, I just jumped when my mom came in on us, and she she had revived us actually
Michelle: Or I wasn't, I hadn't completely passed on my brother, and stop. And that was the first time and I tried to hang on. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I
Michelle: Want to say maybe 16
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any current suicide. That's
Michelle: Yeah, yeah. I had
Michelle: In fact, I was just in the hospital for this.
Michelle: I had expressed my grandmother that I mean I'm going through some stressful stuff right now to and just in the last three years have just been super, super stressful and I just
Michelle: Yeah, I expressed her
Michelle: I'm
Michelle: Like, I know I feel like
Michelle: Sometimes I feel like
Michelle: We're like, not just
Michelle: I mean the world to nasty place, you know,
Michelle: People, people are messed up. And people say really messed up things and loving life is messed up. And I, and I just feel like
Michelle: I might like personally you know and and it's not just, it's not. It goes like, like from from my my faith, you know,
Michelle: I'll get really upset when I talk about this because I just
Michelle: I have a really hard time with it.
Michelle: But
Michelle: Of all the stuff that I've gone through and I've been through, and I've seen in my life. If there really truly is a god.
Michelle: And he has the power to stop all this
Michelle: And why would you sit up there and just let innocent people be hurt.
Michelle: And kill and abused and just be little to where they feel like they're nothing
Michelle: They feel like a lot to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Michelle, when's the last time that you had a suicide.
Michelle: I mean, definitely within the last six months, like last year even maybe
Michelle: Because I just, I think I'm in a bad situation and I just need to get away or some some things need to change like very much.
Michelle: In my life because
Michelle: I really, really dark spot right now, not just mentally but physically as well.
Michelle: It just, you know,
Michelle: And I have some plans because I'm you know
A
Michelle: Lot of it has to do with my situation and my relationship right now.
Michelle: But
Michelle: I had one incident back in July.
Michelle: Where when I was talking to my grandmother. She had actually called the cops on me.
Michelle: And I ended up in the hospital. Just gonna
Michelle: I don't know. They took me in at like, midnight, maybe, and they let me. Oh, I like eight, nine in the morning.
Michelle: But they took me in and they gave me some advice on and they let me sleep.
Michelle: And I had felt a lot better.
Michelle: And they let me out. But I just, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These thoughts, is it usually when you're under the influence or when you're sober.
Michelle: Let's it's when I'm server.
The server.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And any self harm in your history.
Michelle: Um, there was a point in time for like maybe a year when I was
Michelle: 1213 where I was cutting myself.
Michelle: But it never was like I'm cutting myself to commit suicide. Right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He was to get out of the pain in the inside. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When's the last time that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: acted in so far.
Michelle: Um,
Michelle: I had
Michelle: An incredibly terribly bad argument with my significant other and
Michelle: I had wanted to do it. And I know I'm
Michelle: I had wrapped the rope around my head, my neck. So, I mean, I can you know
Michelle: Like I was ready to do it.
Michelle: But
Michelle: He taught me down. And I don't know, you can see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long ago was that
Michelle: All three years like
Michelle: Three, four years. Three years. Three, four years ago, I think.
Michelle: When just before we had just started doing heroin.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But none in the last two weeks.
Michelle: No. Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you start having thoughts. I'm going to ask that you either pick up the phone and call bright heart and get myself or somebody on the phone with you to help you walk through it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or you go back to the emergency room one or the other, especially if you start developing a plan behind it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We make that commitment for me.
Michelle: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just want to just touch base on one thing and that is for you to be able to start looking at yourself as a survivor, because that's really what you are
Michelle: Through that a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and the great part about survivors, Michelle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that we're warriors.
Michelle: I just feel like it's just not enough to survive. But sometimes, like is it really worth it to just survive it mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've gone through it. It's over. You don't have to experience most of what you've already went through and the great part about it is that you know you've got this, you know, little girl who you got to protect and love and give her the things that you, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you didn't get, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's an awesome place to be. I just want
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Want you to recognize that
Michelle: We think about that, too. But I feel like, you know, like it scared me when I found out I was having a girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sir,
Michelle: Yeah, definitely. I didn't, I didn't know I was
Michelle: It scared me when I thought maybe for now because I don't. I've never had a relationship with my mother.
Michelle: My mother never had a relationship with her mother. Yeah.
Michelle: Yeah.
You and what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Michelle, you get to break that cycle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get to you get to do something different than what you've ever done or where you come from, you know, and what a great, great thing to be able to be there for your daughter and to give her something different than what you got.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Michelle: You just, you know, we fear.
Michelle: I'm never going to really give her life that she deserves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of amazing because, you know, we think that what that entails is money or, you know, never having enough money, which nobody ever has enough of money. I don't care. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But in reality, you know what she needs most
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is a loving, kind of mom to guide her through all the crap that happens in this world.
Michelle: Yeah, I just worry that i mean
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable.
Michelle: Because I
Michelle: In my ways. And I you know I worry that I'm not going to like mentally or if I'm gonna be early and show her that the love and affection that that she needs.
Michelle: Because I don't, I don't know. I you know I
Michelle: Might be parents. The way I was raised in the week you know
Michelle: I mean, I had my son until he was, he had just turned three when all that stuff happened to him.
Michelle: I don't have. I mean, part of it is like his, his father won't make
Michelle: Every capacity with no set visitation and
Michelle: Just up until recently, like within the last year, he hasn't he hasn't let me
Michelle: Let me see him so. And every time that I have seen him recently that the demeanor and then
Michelle: Just the vibe I get is just off where it's like, I don't, I don't know what's going on, you know, but
Michelle: He just turned
Michelle: He just turned eight
Michelle: He's gonna
Know,
Michelle: He's he easy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah.
Michelle: Easy, um,
Michelle: I had him until he was three. I mean,
Michelle: Robin. I just got divorced when he was when he was three years old and but it was just me and him up. And, you know, up until it was three years old. Because when I was married to my husband, my husband was a long haul truck driver working in the oil fields in North Dakota.
Michelle: For the last two years of our marriage he was gone a lot like month at a time and would only be back for like four days at a time.
Michelle: So it was just me and my boy and in
Michelle: You know I
Michelle: look back on it, you know, and it's
Michelle: And then you looking now like boys are so much different than girls, they are
They are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there anything that you think I missed. That's important for us to know about you.
Michelle: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are you willing to engage in individual therapy.
Michelle: Yeah I am, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what date and time would be ideal for you. And let me see if I can produce that
Michelle: Yeah, right now, so I'm in the middle of moving
Michelle: I may even be moving Oregon.
Michelle: Or maybe even sooner.
Michelle: And as far as I know from what bright heart from what Dr. Jamison is told me
Michelle: They're not wearing, you know, covered in Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think we're in the process, because one thing I can tell you is that all of my certifications are from Oregon. Okay. So I think that we are in the process of doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's a plus. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So let's just kind of play it by ear until you do make that make that move and
You know that
Michelle: Definitely Wednesdays or Thursdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, because those are my two dates.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, do you prefer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mornings or afternoons and evenings.
Michelle: afternoons early evenings at around around four around this time is easiest for me is like, I'm not not a morning person number one and
Michelle: Usually like because I've got so much stuff going on right now with all the
State stuff and
Michelle: Looking for a place to live, everything was just early in the morning, early in the day and I'm trying to focus on my schooling went out to I'm almost done with this diploma thing and if I am going to be moving Oregon. I've got to get it done with by the end of March.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Michelle: I've been trying to take like even just like two hours out of my day just focus on my schoolwork.
Michelle: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so let's schedule. Let's just plan on you and I meeting weekly at four o'clock on Thursdays. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll just, you know, play it by ear. From this point forward, but me with me every week and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's start really kind of working on some things to help you learn how to how to cope with life. Um, alright,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you willing to do that with me.
Michelle: Absolutely. I am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm going to put you on my schedule for next Thursday for hawk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. And I will let Dr. Jamison know that you you know we're here and that we completed your bio psychosocial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And next week we'll work on treatment planning, I'll ask you. So here's something for you to think about, you know, what are some of the things that you want to work on while we're while we're in this process and working together.
Michelle: Yeah, definitely. Just like cream like ways of coping, you know, because I do
Michelle: And yeah, they, they have depression as well. And I know I have depression and like I have my days to where I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good days, bad days, huh.
Michelle: Yeah, that is like me, just where I'm in my head a lot and you know
Michelle: Obviously I've got the kid running around and stuff as well. But I mean, lately I've tried
Michelle: tried not to be so.
Michelle: Proud to get the tough packed got to get all the stuff ready. I got all the stuff I need to do a lot of work on my schooling. I'm trying to just keep a schedule to where I'm focused and she's on a schedule tour.
Michelle: Yeah, at least I have like some hours by myself at night.
Michelle: It's quiet and, you know, I can just sit and relax. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's important time for you to have
Michelle: So like, you know, and I've been. I've been trying to listen to more music and, you know, just, it's the one it's raining here it's it's really, really bad because then she doesn't get to go outside and that makes it even worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I know all about a two year old typically
Michelle: They need to have lights bright in the house like
Michelle: I think our ceiling should at least be like
Michelle: Open. You know, I think that would have a separate night.
Michelle: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally understand.
Michelle: Human being.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. That's right.
Michelle: Don't forget that. And whatever you do, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you start in between now and the time that I see you again. Just keep that month that word inside your head, and that is, you know, your survivor, Michelle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With everything that you've experienced and you've been given the gift of this little, you know, baby girl and you get to love her and give her the things that you didn't have when you are a kid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll go through this a little bit more. And because I definitely have a lot of experience in this whole area and my life growing up as a lot like yours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, so we have that in common. And so I can definitely tell you how I got from that point that you're at, to the point that I'm at and kind of give you some tools to help you along your journey.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Okay.
Yeah.
Michelle: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sound like a plan.
Michelle: Yeah, very much. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Alright, so I'm going to get off here and I am going to get you on my schedule and you and I will be meeting every Thursday at four o'clock. Okay.
Cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the meantime, you have a great weekend.
Michelle: They kill
Michelle: Okay, and it's going to be nice and sunny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hope so too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, Michelle, I will talk to you next week. And again, if you start if during now and then next time we see you all next time I see you. If you're struggling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Call enterprise our and say, is Becca busy. You know, does she have come to meet with me. I'll be more than glad to to get you in wherever you're needed while you're walking through this stuff in the beginning. Okay, cool.
Michelle: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will talk to you next week. Have a great weekend.
Michelle: Thank you, you too.
I'm Michele.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, Sandy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Sandra's iPhone: Sorry about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Sandra's iPhone: I'm all right. How you doing,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. How's things going this week.
Good.
Sandra's iPhone: Just got home from work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah ha. That's always fun, huh.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, Kim her husband, ask a question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure.
Sandra's iPhone: My husband john
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi john I'M BECCA, nice to meet
Sandra's iPhone: We're spending a little more than half of our income right now on Sandy's medicine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Sandra's iPhone: Um, you know, she's got up, up, you know, shut her health insurance got canceled.
Sandra's iPhone: And she used to be at the pain clinic. She went to she went there like once a month, you know what I would go there once every I had to go once every three months, every three months. And I was wondering if there was a program, she could get on where she didn't have to do so many of the
Sandra's iPhone: The, the group consultation stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it what doctors at send you that you work with, again,
Sandra's iPhone: Um,
Sandra's iPhone: I can't remember his name. I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you go to group on Friday.
Sandra's iPhone: Or Monday. Yeah. Friday at 130
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dr. Often
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, that's nice. It's kind of weird neem oil.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dr omen. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I can do is I can ask him is something that you know he can work out. It's up to generally with bright heart. What happens is the very beginning. During group and a weekly basis.
Sandra's iPhone: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You engage in individual therapy and then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As time goes on, they, they see you less and less when they see that you're stable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your take right most you you know like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going for you, but
Sandra's iPhone: You know, does going really good for me. I mean,
Sandra's iPhone: With the a program. And, you know, my husband helping me realize what I was doing and
Sandra's iPhone: I mean, I just I corrected it immediately. And, you know, yeah, I do that.
Sandra's iPhone: The daily self reflection and, you know, and I want employed right now I don't have a job.
Sandra's iPhone: He's a bomb. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: I got done with rheumatoid arthritis and it totally affected my ability to work. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: He can't even grip anything, and he
Sandra's iPhone: Used to drive a truck and yeah
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I think we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Talked about that. Yeah.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, he's trying to install some cameras at my office the other day, and he's like, dropping the drill. I'm like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That doesn't work. You're not supposed to drop it.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, so
Sandra's iPhone: Because I'm used to being able to do anything.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah yeah you know
Sandra's iPhone: So, well, I didn't know that you guys could like prescribing by the week or anything. And my son had, you know, started out, get in the boxes of them have 60 of
Sandra's iPhone: And that's what I thought I was signing up for. I thought, okay, well, I gotta go. The doctor wants a said, and then group that's no problem and three weeks later, here on borrowing money from my son to pay for it tonight. I hate doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what we can do what you and I can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that we can we can really kind of push out these check ins and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to make them bi weekly or every couple weeks. And let me verify it with Dr. Coleman tomorrow, but I don't problem doing that with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So much. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, because you are stable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are showing up, you know, you're, you're in a place right now. That is, you know, very stable and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we can let me to have a conversation with him and see what he says, How long have you been with Braveheart
Sandra's iPhone: Um, three weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just the very beginning.
Sandra's iPhone: Okay. Yeah, but you know I was clean. I went to a meetings like I think I did 90 and 90 like four or five times.
Sandra's iPhone: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, and I kept going.
Sandra's iPhone: And
Sandra's iPhone: I was clean for 12 years and last year I had that slip because
Sandra's iPhone: I was going
Sandra's iPhone: Insane. I didn't know what to do.
Sandra's iPhone: But I know, I know. I know that's not what to do to get a job or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was just that. What did you learn what are you going to do different if you start having those thoughts, my life right now. What am I going to do differently.
Sandra's iPhone: I don't talk to people, I, I totally move myself away a geographical that totally wiped everybody out of my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, so the only people that are in my life, or my three kids and my two sisters and so me and my husband.
Sandra's iPhone: We just sold our house in Texas, and it's going to be closing the end of February are looking at, you know, getting on here so
Sandra's iPhone: In where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where are you at now.
Sandra's iPhone: And Ella Gordo
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, New Mexico.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: New Mexico, and do you like it there.
Sandra's iPhone: I like your hair. I was raised here it's right by the White Sands. Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Did you
Sandra's iPhone: Last Christmas is close.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I've heard of last cruise. I have to actually look you up on the map to find out exactly where you're at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Um, and are you still go into meetings are you going to any separate meetings.
Sandra's iPhone: I got a mini
Sandra's iPhone: Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: I like this one tomorrow night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And are you working with somebody, I'm through.
Sandra's iPhone: As
Sandra's iPhone: I still have my sponsor in Texas. Her name is Michelle.
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, good. But yeah, till I get one over here. If I get one over here. I don't know. We do pretty good together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's hard when you find a good one, you know,
Uh huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you don't want to change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No at all. So your weekend. Good. You haven't had any cravings or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing I have
Sandra's iPhone: Okay, I've had, I've had more pain.
Sandra's iPhone: You know, my son lie to me. I think because he goes, oh, yes, a box on it. It takes care of my pain. Well, I'm in a lot of pants. Still, so maybe he didn't have as about a pain as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, how many. First off, how many milligrams of where you on. Are you on right now.
Eight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So make sure that you talk to Dr Omen about that tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. And also, what's the weather like right now.
Sandra's iPhone: I'm right now. It's nice today. It was very nice, but it's cool. Very cool. High Desert. You know, it's really cold at night like probably it'll be 39 high 60 below 35 yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that could probably also contribute to your pain level being higher
Sandra's iPhone: That's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With that, but definitely tomorrow, talk to Dr. Ahmed and group about it when you do your medical check in, you know, and let them know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see what he's, you know, suggest to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let me have a conversation with him about expanding out your individuals. What I'm going to do today is, you and I were going to get off at exactly 16 minutes
Sandra's iPhone: Okay.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so we won't you won't have to worry about going the full hour right now. I think that you're in a great place. And you've got going on and
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that just the, you know, the men check in with the doctor and you know that's a great part about what I like about bright heart is that you actually get to go and see it and see the doctor, you know, on a regular basis and you don't have to worry about, you know, waiting three months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now.
Sandra's iPhone: And so I know well you know I did a I did this kind of computer tell a doc stuff. And when I was in prison. And I thought, Man, that would be great if they had it you know in real life. And now I do. I'm like, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's a lot of things that are really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 2003 really
Sandra's iPhone: Donna can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell us, like, yeah, there's a lot of this is where it's gearing towards nowadays is a lot of this, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which I'm good with. I love this format.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. So I'm happy with being able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be at home. Right. Yeah. Which makes a difference as well. Um, any issues that we that we talked about last time that you and I could work on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In our check ins.
Um,
Sandra's iPhone: I don't really have a lot. I don't think
Sandra's iPhone: I
Sandra's iPhone: I don't know. You know, I, I've been trying to
Sandra's iPhone: Get in. Try and get less stress and smokeless
Sandra's iPhone: Good. I haven't heard and years of my son me smoking cigarettes, but it's so hard for me right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you planning on trying to quit.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I've been trying to quit for my whole life. And I just quit for seven days on January 1 but now I have to set another quick be included again.
Sandra's iPhone: Oh, can I try every now and then.
Sandra's iPhone: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you doing any kind of replacement therapy with it.
Sandra's iPhone: Was getting so fire.
Sandra's iPhone: No. Well, I had, I have a deal that when I don't smoke cigarettes I smoke that if I'm out or whatever, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so what about you can also. You also have the option of talking, talking to Dr. Coleman about prescribing you and the patch or the GM or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Already you know when you're ready, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, definitely that I know that some other doctors that I work with. They're, they're great advocates for that kind of stuff. And so
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, no kidding.
Sandra's iPhone: All of my doctors are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, some of them are kind of you know about it, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Other doctors are like, you know, when you're ready, let me know. You know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We will work on that. So I with women. If you get to a point where you would, you know, you think that you might set another quick day you might want to start working on that then either let me know or let Dr. Armand know and I'm sure that he, you know, would be willing to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give you some gum, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, some gum or the patch or something that would help the process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The only thing about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About those two AIDS is that you can't, if you smoke on them.
Sandra's iPhone: I know I had a heart attack already on them to smoke.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, I don't think I'll be taking the path to anymore. Nevermind for that.
Sandra's iPhone: I can do.
Sandra's iPhone: That and the other stuff gives me heartburn. I'm just gonna have to bite the bullet and cold turkey it like every time. Other of everything. And I've quit smoking before to for nine months twice. You know, so
Sandra's iPhone: That my
Sandra's iPhone: My adult children make me feel so guilty.
Sandra's iPhone: And they want. No. Well, they're just quitting is what the thing is that I feel guilty that they smoked and smoked, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Sandra's iPhone: Me because I smoked a smoke.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, there's a piece of that that says, okay, but there's another piece of that that says they made their choice.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah, that's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We have I know he says
Sandra's iPhone: Right, yes, we do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so really just allowing them to own their own choices don't care that extra guilt. You don't have room for it.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Sandra's iPhone: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got enough stuff to worry about with your own, you know, allow your kids.
Sandra's iPhone: Your daughter in law. My daughter's smoking.
Sandra's iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's time, let me know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whenever you okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Date.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, Sandy, I will let go. I'll let you go. I will talk to Dr. Ahmed I'll shoot him a message right now and you could bring it up tomorrow and group and talk to him about it. Okay.
Sandra's iPhone: Sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'll let you know tomorrow what he says about you and I, expanding our individuals out where it's only once a month or once every bi weekly or
Sandra's iPhone: Three. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good with that for you. Right.
Sandra's iPhone: Thank you so much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye. Have a great evening.
Sandra's iPhone: You too. Bye bye.